Add options page to wallet connect modal android (#862)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/android/walletconnectmodal/options.md

# Options

## Explorer recommended wallets

> Allows to set default recommended wallets tah are fetched from [WalletConnect Explorer](https://walletconnect.com/explorer?type=wallet). You can define a list of wallets ids you'd like to prioritise (order is respected). You can get these ids from the explorer link mentioned before by clicking on a copy icon of desired wallet card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows to set default recommended wallets that are fetched from [WalletConnect Explorer](https://walletconnect.com/explorer?type=wallet). You can define a list of wallets ids you'd like to prioritise (order is respected). You can get these ids from the explorer link mentioned before by clicking on a copy icon of your desired wallet card.
```

```kotlin
val recommendedWalletsIds = listOf<String>(
    "1ae92b26df02f0abca6304df07debccd18262fdf5fe82daa81593582dac9a369",
    "4622a2b2d6af1c9844944291e5e7351a6aa24cd7b23099efac1b2fd875da31a0"
)

val initParams = Modal.Params.Init(core = CoreClient, recommendedWalletsIds = recommendedWalletsIds)

WalletConnectModal.initialize(
    init = initParams,
    onSuccess = {
        // Callback will be called if initialization is successful
    },
    onError = { error ->
        // Error will be thrown if there's an issue during initialization
    }
)
```

## Explorer excluded wallets

> Allows to exclude wallets that are fetched from [WalletConnect Explorer](https://walletconnect.com/explorer?type=wallet). You can define an array of wallet ids you'd like to exclude. You can get these ids from the explorer link mentioned before by clicking on a copy icon of desired wallet card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows to exclude wallets that are fetched from [WalletConnect Explorer](https://walletconnect.com/explorer?type=wallet). You can define an array of wallet ids you'd like to exclude. You can get these ids from the explorer link mentioned before by clicking on a copy icon of your desired wallet card.
```
